I bet your name's Mickey, 'cause you're so fine.
Hey, pretty mama. You smell kinda pretty, wanna smell me?
I better get out my library card, 'cause I'm checkin' you out.
If you were a booger, I'd pick you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
I've been bad, take me to your room.
I think Heaven's missing an angel.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
That shirt looks good on you, it'd look better on my bedroom floor.
Can I have your phone number? I seem to have lost mine.
I cant help to notice but you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Aren't your feet tired? Because you've been running through my mind all day.
I must be asleep, 'cause you are a dream come true.
I like large posteriors and I cannot prevaricate.
How you doin'?
If I said you had a good body, would you hold it against me?
Hey, baby cakes.
Nice butt.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk by again...?
Do you have a map? I think I just got lost in your eyes.
Want to see my good side? Hah, that was a trick question, all I have are good sides.
You look like a woman who appreciates the finer things in life. Come over here and feel my velour bedspread.
Now you're officially my woman. Kudos! I can't say I don't envy you.
I find that the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies.
I wish I was one of your tears, so I could be born in your eye, run down your cheek, and die on your lips.
If you want to climb aboard the Love Train, you've got to stand on the Love Tracks. But you might just get smushed by a very sensual cow-catcher.
It’s a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you’d be too hot to handle.
Lets say you and I knock some very /sensual/ boots.
I lost my phone number, can I have yours?
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you? 
I'm here, where are your other two wishes?
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me.
You got something on your chest: My eyes.
Are you from Tennessee? Cause you're the only TEN I see.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Excuse me, but I think you dropped something!!! MY JAW!!!
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
I wish you were a Pony Carousel outside Walmart, so I could ride you all day long for a quarter.
Where have you been all my life?
I'm just a love machine, and I don't work for nobody but you.
Do you live on a chicken farm? Because you sure know how to raise cocks.
Are you wearing space pants? Because your ass is out of this world.
Nice legs. What time do they open?
Are you lost? Because it’s so strange to see an angel so far from heaven.
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you've got a nice set of buns.
You're so beautiful that last night you made me forget my pickup line.
I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
I think we should just be friends with sexual tension.
Whenever I see you I feel like a dog dying to get out of the car.
If I'd have held you any closer I'd be in back of you.
I wish I were on Facebook so I could poke you.
I want you like JFK wanted a car with a roof.
