Actually you can wash your veggebles in the dishwasher. Makes the carrots soft so they don't break your teeth.
As a retired English teacher I would like to add that folks also have trouble knowing when to use "versus" verses "verses".
Ben Franklin said politicians are like pampers, they both stink and they act like babies.
Building extra muscles will only weaken your existing muscles, stick to a healthy diet and you will do just fine.
Communism only works as a book.
Everyone who buys a lotto ticket should get an equal cut of the money
Every space trip cost 50 gas jugs
FREE RANGE eggs come in non-compartmentalized cartons so they can roll around as they please.
Funny how folks always trade the powerball in for money when the powerball is worth way more.
George wash. was the 1st president to get born on president day.
grandson used to eat Snausages until we found out they were loaded with corn syrup and sodium, ALWAYS check the back label.
Here's an idea - if your not responsible enough to take care of yourself, DON'T have grandchildren
Hitler could have become a great flower painter but he chose the easy path.
IF COMPANY'S ARE FORCED TO PAY OVERTIME IT WILL MAKE FOLKS WORK THE SAME HOURS FOR LONGER PAY
If the bones are real, how come none of the early human mammoths were able to adapt to the future?
If they read there bible the scientists would look for god particles in lebanon, that's where the garden of eden was.
If you need to rely on physical touch to achieve sexual climax, you're doing something wrong.
In Italy, pizza is just a plain slice of toast with ketchup and folks are healthier over there.
Italians laugh at us for putting sauce and meat and cheese on our lasagne.
It seems like nowadays people know more about stuff they're familiar with than stuff they haven't learned about yet.
I was just telling my students that today's Republicans can be likened to that perennial pest, the male wasp: haughty yet servile. Angry, yet asexual.
I was lucky enough to meet Harrison Ford in 1983 at a VHS-signing event in Florida. Who knew that he would go on to star in DVDs?
Kind of makes you question what is real and what's just a sidewalk drawing.
Miley is a brave and inspiring role model who isn't afraid to speak her body
Most women can be driven to orgasm by hearing a bawdy tale that flies in the face of propriety.
My daughter can be as slutty as she wants as long as it's done under parental supervision
Our pastor says michelle is spying on us to make sure we're not buying fried meals for our children, ALWAYS have a decoy cart filled with fruit an veggerble
Our pastor says you can catch Ebola simply by having someone sneeze blood in your mouth.
Seems like most young folks are doing there yardsale shopping on the internut.
Seems like the dips who run Netflix never should have closed there brick and mortar stores
Sitcoms in the 50s could only show people having sex in separate beds.
Space has been around for 100s of yrs but scientists still dont know much about it
Technically anything baked is a form of pie.
Teenage pranks used to be harmless - I remember making my brother wet his bed by sneaking into his room with a bowl of water and dipping his testicles in the bowl.
The first pyramids were made of plain old sand and they were just a couple ft tall
The old olympics didn't have athletic events.
The universe is one of the biggest mystery's of outer space
Today's young people don't have time for video games.
We could stop inflation TODAY if we got off the doller standard
What would you do if you had a time machine? I would go to the future and win a million doller bet at the kentucky derby :)
When you think about it, we know less about the ocean than we know about our own immediate vicinity.
